[Music]
How are you darlings how are you my lovers of the
heart I came to comment on something
that happened in the last episode of
Rocío Carrasco and that is that this time if
Antonio Davis is involved again and if he is
not there this second season I would say
that almost despite the fact that he has made
a suit for Amador as well as Ortega Cano,
Rosa Benito not so much but a little more
above all it has been against Amador and
against Ortega Cano and I believe that a large
part of the things that they have said is
true not the only thing that happens is that he has
muddied several things about Estado
Sereno in the first place that he calls it a
tribute to his mother for me it is not a
tribute to his mother I would have seen it more
appropriate to have separated the episodes
but I do believe that in one if I
remember correctly I remember that I even
told you that they seemed beautiful to me
because the historian recounted
his principles I don't know what but then he
mixed it up with the controversy then
for me it is no longer a tribute to his
mother he should have removed that
name and then he put in
Antonella well almost every episode
has a little something and a look with
Antonio Davis he
must turn the pages and at least
his life doesn't revolve around Antonio, it's
not worth it to me, you already let off steam last year
recording an episode with all your
experience in quotes from your
point of view not your reality but it's that he
has dedicated his series to gold
that was supposed to be a tribute
to your mother and that you were going to put
your uncle in his place and your well whatever
Ortega Cano was no then
about Antonio and calm down I'll put a clip of
Antonio Davis in which they are talking
commenting from women and men and
vice versa when Antonio was there and
worked on this program
about Rocio and Fidel's wedding okay
because you know that there was a lot of commotion
if the family was invited that if
not that if paka that if over there and in the
end the relatives did not attend
Rocío's wedding with Fidel I remember
that they coincided with the date in which
well the procession of the Virgin of Regla
no the little balcony of  chipiona from where
all of Rocio Grado's relatives look
out and see the Virgin and so on and I
remember that Rosa Benito was invited
or it was said that she was invited to
her niece's wedding but that she didn't go because
someone gave her like an ultimatum okay or
at least that's what is said no, they
told her hey either balcony or wedding okay if not
here she doesn't step on the balcony in hand and
Rocio Rosa Benito the mess balconing little
balcony total that in that click Antonio
a vi says I was invited to the
procession of the Virgin of Regla but I didn't
want to go because it didn't seem the
most normal and most correct to be there with
everyone I get along well
as time puts everyone in their
place
and things turn around look at what
life is like no and Rocio Carrasco when she
is watching this eclipse what
life is like things actually turn around
and everything falls into place and if
not let them tell him I don't know if it's
really that let's see it in parts okay
respected from the balcony I am  I
totally agree with Antonio David.
I believe that they invited him because if he
has a cordial relationship with Amador and
with the other one with the guy on the motorcycle, I believe
that they invited him, okay, but I
agree with Antonio, well it wasn't the
most appropriate thing for Antonio to appear
at that house and take a picture from the
balcony. The truth is, it would
seem to me to be an incredible lack of respect.
Not to Rocio Carrasco anymore because I
don't think they're at a point where they do
n't owe each other any respect beyond
not crossing the lines. No, but men,
Rocio Juradó, the insured did not have
a good relationship with Antonio David,
okay, he had her sued, okay, the
figurative ones didn't want Antonella, I saw that in a
painting. I am on Antonio's side
in this conflict, but that is a
reality that is palpable. But
look, Rossi says what
life is like, things turn around and everything
falls into place. If not, let them
tell you. No, I don't know if Rocio
has a concept of the controversy in
which she has already done well and in the  that the
world has taken her side and
finding Abbey I think she's living
maybe if she's saying this it's because she
obviously believes her own story she
believes her own reality and also maybe
from the TV factory
Fidel or whatever they are making her
live in a bubble in an
echo chamber in which the reality is that her
truth and her version in which she has
triumphed and in which she has penetrated and that they have
made her abandon life
everywhere because they don't want her because
nobody trusts him and the reality is that
no the reality is that even if they try
an echo chamber of a bubble of
opinions in the TV factory we
already saw not imposing an opinion
prohibiting debate throwing out the
collaborators who were contrary
in the street it is that they have not fired Antonio
and they have rightly been condemned and
ratified for the unjust expulsion and
negligence in firing Antonio David
calling him an abuser violating his
honor but the thing is that in the street opinion
is not with Rocío Carrasco there are people who are
because  Of course, always in
conflicts when they are two
popular characters, whether they are famous youtubers on
television or whatever, it is very difficult. I think
that it has almost never happened that one
hundred percent of the opinions, one hundred
percent of the world is with one
side, with the other, no, but man, the vast
majority, very immense, the vast majority is
with Anthony Davis and that is seen not
only in the street but also in
social networks. No, then the best are
these girls who live in a
parallel reality and that is why it is believed that it is like
the current karma and that she has resurfaced
and that Antonia is well sunk. No, I believe
that Antonio had at any
moment come out to do some report,
some interview or something, things are
passing, time goes by
and things are getting calmer and calmer and
surely an
interview with Antonio David Flores will be very popular, but
well, we will see with time with
what happens in the family. I am
reading you, I want to know your opinion,
I send you a huge hug until the
next video, hearts.
[Music]